<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
    <head>
        <title>Water - ANU TechLauncher : Week 3 - Meeting Notes - 220302</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles/site.css" type="text/css" />
        <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
    </head>

    <body class="theme-default aui-theme-default">
        <div id="page">
            <div id="main" class="aui-page-panel">
                <div id="main-header">
                    <div id="breadcrumb-section">
                        <ol id="breadcrumbs">
                            <li class="first">
                                <span><a href="index.html">Water - ANU TechLauncher</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="Water---ANU-TechLauncher_163842.html">Water - ANU TechLauncher</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="Meeting-Notes_33122.html">Meeting Notes</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                </ol>
                    </div>
                    <h1 id="title-heading" class="pagetitle">
                                                <span id="title-text">
                            Water - ANU TechLauncher : Week 3 - Meeting Notes - 220302
                        </span>
                    </h1>
                </div>

                <div id="content" class="view">
                    <div class="page-metadata">
                        
        
    
        
    
        
        
            Created by <span class='author'> John Kim</span>, last modified by <span class='editor'> Yizhou Yang</span> on Mar 03, 2022
                        </div>
                    <div id="main-content" class="wiki-content group">
                    <p>22-S1-2-C Water</p><p>MEETING 03/02</p><span class="confluence-embedded-file-wrapper image-center-wrapper"><img class="confluence-embedded-image image-center" loading="lazy" src="attachments/294933/65692" data-image-src="attachments/294933/65692" data-height="10" data-width="1200" data-unresolved-comment-count="0" data-linked-resource-id="65692" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="attachment" data-linked-resource-default-alias="mpOhloqzLO1dmCuTm9ObvDJlH_2jMPZ4AV3hhzalWlNF9Wl9h2sxPE3fN3FUjqcMGc2Ff-9sPG6Dt70bOmwd2RdSuTmN__vuLBDUaHadFVkZjStV7l9kMR_8AmCieT6RbIgVfTUD" data-base-url="https://johnmjkim1216.atlassian.net/wiki" data-linked-resource-content-type="image/png" data-linked-resource-container-id="294933" data-linked-resource-container-version="5" data-media-id="37d0dbd6-9fb4-4336-a346-b9c2b8fa55c1" data-media-type="file"></span><p><strong>02 MARCH 2022 / 2:00 PM / VIRTUAL ROOM </strong></p><h1 id="Week3-MeetingNotes-220302-ATTENDEES">ATTENDEES</h1><ul><li><p><code>John Kim</code></p></li><li><p><code>Ran Zhang </code></p></li><li><p><code>Gefei Shan</code></p></li><li><p><code>Petra Kuhnert</code></p></li><li><p><code>Yizhou Yang</code></p></li><li><p><code>Dan MacKinlay</code></p></li><li><p><code>Tianqi Wang</code></p></li><li><p><code>Simon Brown</code></p></li><li><p><code>Dan Pagendam</code></p></li></ul><h1 id="Week3-MeetingNotes-220302-AGENDA">AGENDA</h1><h2 id="Week3-MeetingNotes-220302-TutorialReconstruction/LastMeetingFollow-up"><strong>Tutorial Reconstruction / Last Meeting Follow-up </strong></h2><ol><li><p><code>Send tutorial agenda prior to tutorial</code></p></li><li><p><code>Audit : 10~15 min presentation</code></p></li><li><p><code>Landing Page (Github Markdown, etc)</code></p><ol><li><p><code>Link Submission : 4th Mar</code></p></li><li><p><code>Contents Evaluation Begin : 7th Mar</code></p></li></ol></li><li><p><code>Discuss Statement of Work (SoW) with clients</code></p></li><li><p /></li></ol><h2 id="Week3-MeetingNotes-220302-ThingstoDiscuss"><strong>Things to Discuss</strong></h2><ul><li><p><code>Give access of slack channel to David Flores</code></p></li><li><p><code>Landing Page</code></p><ul><li><p><code>Different repositories</code></p><ul><li><p><code>Landing page (just for submission)</code></p></li><li><p><code>Private (pull to landing page at the end)</code></p></li></ul></li></ul></li><li><p /></li></ul><p><br/></p><p><code>Purpose of the project</code></p><ul><li><p /></li><li><p><code>Predict groundwater flow (long term goal)</code></p></li><li><p><code>Generate benchmark datasets that allow new ML (Physics informed ML) methods to be evaluated.</code></p></li><li><p><code>Create dataset for re-use (about 100GB)</code></p></li><li><p><code>Make an API for data-using</code></p></li><li><p><code>Ground truth data is expensive</code></p></li><li><p><code>Groundwater models are slow to run. We develop ML methods to find a faster, more efficient way to predict groundwater using a surrogate version or what we call an emulator.</code></p></li><li><p><code>Think of this as a 2-stage project.  (1) Benchmark datasets for different PDEs; (2) Methods to facilitate better prediction given the datasets from stage 1.</code></p></li></ul><p><br/></p><p><code>Team role</code></p><p><code>List of role : </code></p><ul><li><p><code>PhiFlow</code></p></li></ul><p><code>John Kim :</code></p><ul><li><p><code>Team Management</code></p></li><li><p /></li></ul><p><code>Yizhou Yang :</code></p><ul><li><p /></li></ul><p><code>Simon Brown :</code></p><ul><li><p /></li></ul><p><code>Tianqi Wang :</code></p><ul><li><p /></li></ul><p><code>Gefei Shan :</code></p><ul><li><p /></li></ul><p><code>Ran Zhang :</code></p><ul><li><p><code>PhiFlow</code></p></li></ul><p><br/></p><p><code>Milestones</code></p><p><code>Wk 3</code></p><ul><li><p><code>Identify available resources, admin</code></p></li><li><p><code>Understand project</code></p></li><li><p><code>PhiFlow (https://github.com/tum-pbs/PhiFlow) (I recommend the jax backend, but pytorch is OK too)</code></p></li><li><p><code>Alternative solvers</code></p><ul><li><p><a href="https://github.com/google/jax-cfd" data-card-appearance="inline" class="external-link" rel="nofollow">https://github.com/google/jax-cfd</a> </p></li><li><p><code>https://github.com/barkm/torch-fenics </code></p></li></ul></li><li><p><code>Done audits</code></p></li></ul><p><code>Wk 4</code></p><ul><li><p /></li><li><p><code>List of PDE problems complete</code></p><ul><li><p><code>Navier-Stokes Equations (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Navier–Stokes_equations)</code></p></li><li><p><code>Darcy’s Equation (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darcy%27s_law)</code></p></li><li><p><code>Richard’s Equation (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richards_equation)</code></p></li><li><p><code>Lorenz System (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lorenz_system)</code></p></li><li><p><code>Reaction-diffusion (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reaction–diffusion_system)</code></p></li></ul></li><li><p><code>Library exists</code></p></li></ul><p><code>Wk 6</code></p><ul><li><p><code>Ddd</code></p></li><li><p /></li></ul><p><code>TB 1~2</code></p><ul><li><p><code>Dddd</code></p></li><li><p><code>ddddd</code></p></li></ul><p><br/></p><p><code>Wk 7~10 </code></p><ul><li><p><code>Meaningful outputs (datasets and API) of listed PDE problems </code></p></li><li><p><code>Apr. 29th : Conference</code></p></li></ul><p><code>Wk 11~12 </code></p><ul><li><p><code>May. 28th : Benchmark physics neural network problems</code></p></li></ul><p><br/></p><p><code>Skills/Tools/Knowledge needed</code></p><ul><li><p><code>ODE, PDE</code></p></li><li><p><code>Python</code></p><ul><li><p><code>Deep learning framework</code></p></li><li><p><code>Pytorch/Jax</code></p></li></ul></li><li><p><code>Slurm : workload manager </code></p><ul><li><p><code>high performance computing (e.g. Slurm, PBS jobs)</code></p></li></ul></li></ul><p><br/></p><p><code>Request for course convenor</code></p><ul><li><p><code>Ask for account access for NCI, allocate computing power</code></p></li><li><p /></li></ul><h1 id="Week3-MeetingNotes-220302-NOTES">NOTES</h1><ul><li><p><strong>Dsfgdsfg</strong></p></li><li><p><strong>sdfg</strong></p></li></ul><h1 id="Week3-MeetingNotes-220302-ACTIONITEMS">ACTION ITEMS</h1><ol><li><p><code>Give access of slack channel to David Flores</code></p></li><li><p><code>Prepare Week 3 Audit :</code></p><ol><li><p>Statement of Work (SoW)/Acceptance criteria (see: SWEBOK)</p></li><li><p>Team management/roles</p></li><li><p>IP/NDA: ANUSA/PARSA advice</p></li><li><p>In-person: Off-site must be insured (there’s an online form)</p></li><li><p>Pluralsight</p></li></ol></li><li><p><code>Sdfsdf</code></p></li><li><p><code>Sdf</code></p></li><li><p><code>sdf</code></p></li></ol><h1 id="Week3-MeetingNotes-220302-QUESTION/AGENDATODAVIDFLORES(TUTOR)">QUESTION/AGENDA TO DAVID FLORES (TUTOR)</h1><p /><h1 id="Week3-MeetingNotes-220302-NEXTWEEK’SAGENDA">NEXT WEEK’S AGENDA</h1><p><br/></p>
                    </div>

                                        <div class="pageSection group">
                        <div class="pageSectionHeader">
                            <h2 id="attachments" class="pageSectionTitle">Attachments:</h2>
                        </div>

                        <div class="greybox" align="left">
                                                            <img src="images/icons/bullet_blue.gif" height="8" width="8" alt=""/>
                                <a href="attachments/294933/65692">mpOhloqzLO1dmCuTm9ObvDJlH_2jMPZ4AV3hhzalWlNF9Wl9h2sxPE3fN3FUjqcMGc2Ff-9sPG6Dt70bOmwd2RdSuTmN__vuLBDUaHadFVkZjStV7l9kMR_8AmCieT6RbIgVfTUD</a> (image/png)
                                <br/>
                                                    </div>
                    </div>
                    
                                                      
                </div>             </div> 
            <div id="footer" role="contentinfo">
                <section class="footer-body">
                    <p>Document generated by Confluence on Mar 08, 2022 18:40</p>
                    <div id="footer-logo"><a href="http://www.atlassian.com/">Atlassian</a></div>
                </section>
            </div>
        </div>     </body>
</html>
